Bravo for parking place.
Rooms were very large and comfortable
I love the location.
We had the case which offers a lot of space, has natural stone walls on the inside, a terrace with a wonderful view on the natural swimming pool and surroundings.
In a quiet secure location
The noise from lawn mower when people wants to sleep in the afternoon and shower water very slow
Friendly staff.
Very good English breakfast.
Nothing in particular
Great location and reasonable price
Friendly staff.
You can't really sleep in the extra bed.
The high score obtained from several positive reviews is misleading potential customers, which was my case as well.
Room size was a little small.
The door locks were difficult to use which sounds such a minor complaint, but it maybe suggests the build quality of this new hotel could be better.
Screechy doors;
It is close to metro station and supermarker.
Not fancy but clean and comfortable.
Tea - various kinds of black tea, but they have ran out of fruit or green tea.
We are travelling every year throughout Europe but this was the best we have ever experienced.
Here goes..........Milk for our coffee was lumpy and clearly off on both nights stay.
Great food staff location and facilities for cycling.
Good breakfast; Nice that we have access for free to aquark and sauna facilities; very good location to walk anywhere of the main beautiful places of center of Druskininkai; Very cozy and pleasant restaurant in top anoramic view
The location, property and facilities.
You can walk in 5 minutes to Utrecht Central.
We spent the night in sleeping barrels!
- Great location close to the highway for one-night stop
Location was great
Leaving
We arrived late at night, although we wrote that down in our reservation and we tried to call a few times, their telephone was not working.
Planning a longer stay next year.
I think it's very good do I've no complaints
Side table drawers filthy, carpets stained.
Nothing from that hotel
The next morning I went at the same time and there was no bananas there.
We had a great breakfast plenty of choices were a little high in the hotel but the bed was very large and comfortable
Now there is a bypass and the hotel is situated in an isolated place which once was the main A56 Chester Road but is now a dead end.
Lovely friendly staff.
Luckily we had a refurbished bathroom which was clean and functional but our co-travellers did not, and were unhappy with theirs.
Decor was rather uninspired.
Beautiful decore
Very clean
They were not that bothered either!
There was a shortage of large enough pots, oven dishes and trays to cook for 6.
Everything
The bathroom featured a shower bath combination, which was surrounded by an ineffective shower curtain - we had bathroom flooding after every shower.
Going to the roof was a highlight, I had a great view on the city.
Nothing
Friendly staff, great location, good breakfast
Beautiful hotel with a large room and a 10 minute walk into the city centre.
Bathroom is too small.
Always up for helping us and giving us tips about the area.
The water leaking from room above just as I was leaving.
We stay here regularly and have always found the staff to be friendly and helpful.
Welcoming and friendly host to greet you at reception.
Bad smell and very dull and dark in bedroom
Fantastic location!
After you get keys - no problem to come back late from Roma by night.
Dont forget, it,s St.
We'll be back!
A true home away from home.
We just want to explore on our own choice.
Clean fresh room wifi in room 3 was good on this day.
It is hard to do given the height, but a creative interior designer can work on that
Everything is so nice.
If you stay here, remember to try the free coffee machine in the room!
Bathroom very "tired" and needs modernising.
If I had to stay longer in that bathroom, I would even sure the hotel.
Will definitely be back.
We had to wait long periods of time for the lift because the renovators were using it!
The flat was very spacious and we felt very much at home, Internet connection was good.
The hotel is spotlessly clean.
The location was great as the hotel is located in the quiet and residential area of Torquay which is quite crowded.
Cosy hotel with warm staff and nice breakfast.
But it is new, build in the style of 200 years ago,...
Beds are really comfortable - rooms nice and quiet
Bed extremely hard
Reservation team don't wanted to give me any good price which they have mentioned on other websites for promotion, I told them that I have found this valued price for 2 nights but I couldn't book online as my Internet is not that strong because I cou
Quiet, very clean and friendly staff.
Not a criticism but you need a car
Air con in the rooms or fans to rent, a little hot sometimes.
Car parking in area expensive comfy small rooms
Nothing, it was all very nice.
Easy to get round lots of things to do.
A bit far to the main centres of Shinjuku and Harajuku.
Could have done with better cooking facilities.
Staff dont speak English nor German
Pillows are a bit hard.
Small, dated room.
Stunning accommodation and the house was so well equipped for cooking... SHARP knives, beautiful cutlery that worked!
It was very noisy at all times - you could hear people walking through the corridors to their rooms
The wine, milk and cornflakes left by the host were muchly appreciated !
Yannis offer us the breakfast, otherwise he sent us a champagne as present.
The owners were not very friendly and not helpful at all.
Yumiko-san was a wonderful host.
Good location.
Well below my expectations for a hotel of this Calibre.
Thank you very much dear Giuseppina!
We had and an excellent stay, the room was lovely very homely, good service staff was lovely, breakfast was excellent had a veggie full English my children loved it :)
Air conditioning not working and very loud street to have the windows open.
He also provided a taxi back to airport.
The facilities was run down, broken bath tub, no hair shampoo provides (even ask), although have Astro but many channel not subscribe.
Great atmosphere and fantastic location.
The rooms were very dark and fitted out with cheap furniture, the location wasn't good
We had a great stay!
It's very well located near the main station and close to the center city.
It would be nice if the website could prompt us to confirm instead of assuming that we know.
The shower head
The owners of the hotel were extremely helpful and friendly.
Modernised hotel in an excellent location; bathroom was particularly good.
The hotel is conveniently close to a train & metro station, with easy journeys to both central Amsterdam and Schiphol airport.
Only one set of bathroom supplies, despite two guests in room.
When finally got checked in to what was supposed to be a "club" room, we walked up the stairwell to our room, dirty, dingy, damp on the walls and no paint on the bannisters.
The breakfast was excellent.
There could be more personal needs in bathroom such as cotton, toothpaste and brush, comb, extra shampoo/soap, etc
Excellent value for money.
Could not fault it at all.
These beaches are very clean.
The room was slightly musty and dusty.
Massages were average for an expensive price
Little bit of a walk to the beach but fine if you have a car
Very noisy inside and outside hotel, take earplugs !
The breakfast was great, nice variety.
Simply I can say that it is ideal for a family holidays.
Trash and recycling bins just outside the windows and we woke up every day at 06:00 by the the sound of the breaking glass, while the bides were being emptied.
There was a green flashing light I couldn't switch off located in the roof space, and the temperature of the room was too hot and no way of getting it down
As for the breakfast, there could be less variety and better quality.
We felt that the way in which the 'King Room' was advertised was disingenuous as reference to the shared bathroom wasn't clear enough.
The walls are paper thin, so you can hear conversations from the other rooms.
Fresh clean towels every day and room service.
Nothing
The shower was cold but didn't bother us
In a bedroom the door was broken.
Also we make great trip to Atlas if again a really friendly driver from the riad.
Couldn't recommend highly enough.
Our room was huge and very comfortable!
So there was a lack of privacy.
It exudes class and quality.
Basic accommodation in the extreme.
Top Class.
4.
By the way, it was no signal or cartel of "Silver Sphere Inn" at the street.
And if the carpets were thoroughly washed and cleaned throughout, or better still, replaced, especially in our room, I would find nothing to fault about this hotel given its 3 star rating which is accurate.
They booked a different hotel for us and claimed it was the same price which in fact was $12 cheaper.
Dirty pool
Comfortable bed, Outdoor bathroom, Great Breakfast, Nice environment
These are minor flaws.
Wifi was not accessible from one device
More variaty for the breakfast
They called to say the room was ready but when we got back they said they didn't have a family available so we had to gave a smaller room and change to a family the next night.
Whole experience was excellent.
The cottage was. Quiet.
The breakfast is very expensive.
It would have been nice to have a cooked breakfast.
This is not a "Penzion", this is as good as a hotel, a 4* hotel.
Good location and good staff
There is no restaurant in the hotel.
It was around 10.30/11pm, but I had to be up early for work, so I called reception and they came up straight away and asked him to close the door - and I got a great nights sleep!
Just looks a bit run down
Rooms too cold
Nice bedroom with tea coffee making facilities, comfy bed and nice clean room.
The staff on arrival were great, and the staff in the restaurant were also very good.
Building work currently taking place is very noisy during the day.
Stayed one night.
Help to go the Toubal, rent of crampons, nice food
We had some trouble with our car after checking out, and Antonio offered invaluable help in sorting things out.
There should be CCD .. Dominos ...
On us on the traveller to notify the staff of their movements.
Nothing to complain
We arrived on Sunday.
Nothing...!
Only thing heating in our room, was hot on than cold.
Very friendly staff
The floor height is such that the last step is only a couple of inches wide and high.
We had a room at the inner patio of the building, which meant that we had a small window that looked out upon the inside, and you hear other hotel guests pretty well: walking around / checking out in the early morning.
The hotel doesn't have its own restaurant which makes it a mission to get any food, even just a snack - the hotel is situated far out of town in the mountains.
A must for anyone choosing Mogan for a vacation.
None
Half the flutes were closed.
1 light was faulty.
People smoking into the open area, with the stink seeping into the room.
Nothing... It's impossible to find anything not to like
We were also offered the option of having breakfast delivered to our room – maybe next time.
In credit they got round to fixing it quickly and everything was up and running within a few hours.
Best location for Royal Concert Hall, Restaurants and Shopping
Location is excellent.
Gym really needs an update and a warning about spraying pesticides at the pool would be nice as well, I almost walked into it.
Great location - convenient to Port Authority and walkable to Times Sq and Rockerfeller Center.
The clean modern feel & comfy couches.
Friendly and helpful staff
TV didn't get a signal.
NATIVE BUSH SETTING
Me and my friend stayed here for the Fresh Island Festival, a taxi to the festival was only about 10 mins drive.
Excellent accommodation and food.
The área Is not very nice but Nothing to worry about, it Was a few mints from queen station ( buses) and from the shore.
The only way to get out from this place is with taxi ...
Staff cooperative
The Wi-Fi wasn't stable enough and there was hot water only for 1 person to take a bath.
Location and view was excellent
Later my husband explained that we had tried to contact them by the room phone which she responded to with 'uhuh...
Very friendly and hospital people and extremely comfortable accommodation.
Rooms were spacious.
Food of the restaurant downstairs is good.
There was left over dirty bottles and rubbish on the bed above the wardrobe in the bedroom.
At the evening while we were sitting in the lounge, two girls from the street came in to self serve themselves with coffee.
A little difficult to find out.
Great location, close to Westfield Mall.
The breakfast was wonderful.
Quiet
Location, staff, breakfast and bar facilities very nice
Also try cafe chill in Ella!
The maid only cleaned the room once during the whole week.
It's a straight A, at the exception of the closets ( too small ) and airconditioning which was not operating at this time of the year.
The curtains where dirty and had holes in, the bedside light, desk lamp and bathroom mirror lights did not work, there was only one socket, two kettles one didn't work and the other only worked after about 10 mins of fiddling with it, the toilet seat
The pool is great and the lovely hostess at breakfast
TV decent size
The room could do with an upgrade.
There is secure parking and a comfortable, spacious layout to the apartment.
Bed is saggy.
Very small thing but would have liked better bedside lamps.
Very basic room
The swimming pool was a bonus too.
Going home
Great service.
Bath rooms were so tiny that only babies can take bath in that.
So we were tired.
Good security.
Every bed in the sleeping room had a separate light and shelf.
Good location.
B) Balancy
The windows had excellent soundproofing.
The host, Dora, was always available and ready to answer all our prompts.
Noisy street outside our room.
Basic but enough to start the day with.
Good bed.
We did not stay longer.
Comfortable and a friendly owner.
Agia Napa was a lot nicer than I was expecting.
It will be served in the Prime Hotel next door and is superb.
Room smokey.
However I was warm and cosy.
Everything was perfect the location the comfort and the friendly staff rooms were so comfortable
Beds comfortable Friendly receptionist and bonus vchr for oysters
Lovely room, excellent staff, outstanding Veggie breakfast.
The staff are so nice, and perfect location to stay in Yerevan.
Was clean and tidy.
Nice room overall, friendly and professional staff, and great location.
Its been maintained and a great value for money for shorter trip. Laura was exceptionally good... Thanks.
-The toilet didn't flush properly
Room was in need of an upgrade
Newly and finely refurbished apartment in the very city center of Wroclaw.
PS.
The food choices were varied and extremely tasty and offered a massive variety.
Clean and comfortable room.
Pool was great.
The ground of the resort
Staff were helpful.
The whole apartment management feel very formal, all service personnel are the same age, a group of 90 little cute, even if they are busy or back to the guests with a smile, let me look at the heart of their admiration.
Peaceful and quiet!
Food choice excellent.
Rose makes you very welcome and points out bus times/locations.
-Ingo and Christina are lovely hosts keeping the place very tidy.
It's sad because it's a good hotel, clean :(
It is a good place to bring your family.
Friendly staff, convenient location, excellent facilities
Not really necessary.
Nothing
The room service was nice.
Super friendly staff, cleaning everyday, nice breakfast, new facilities.
TV not working, heating not working and staff come to look at it and just said" yes, that's broke" and never did anything about it, chair on it, handles of cupboards in kitchen, handles of cupboards in kitchen, room musty
No heated towel rail in bathroom
It takes about 7-10 minds to walk from the hotel to city centre.
...Historical Buliding. Very big size room same as Old Palace.
TV was crap, no reception on most of the channels.
Really an excellent discovery in such a small but beautiful village.
Well equipped, spacious and good location
Really could not have been better.
Clean.
Very relaxing.
Very warm welcome, spacious spotless room.
Internal layout of hotel is a little confusing as it is a series of rather narrow corriders.
All ground level units with a lovely garden and covered area in the middle.
As air conditioning in bathroom stuck and making terrible noise.
Better choice of food in executive lounge
The room is wetty.
There are also not much homeless around the area which gives you a feeling of security when walking alone at night.
It’s our favourite place to get away for a night.
- Noisy housekeeping stuff / constant shouting and walky-talky use / late cleaning of the rooms
The beds were very comfy and a nice modern hostel
Room was too warm for me personally.
I have no real complaints.
The location was also perfect.
Wifi was not working so we had no wife.
Very friendly staff, always willing to greet, food was a bit salty at times but maybe that's how it was supposed to be, nevertheless it was always enjoyable and plenty variety.
Good welcome and very friendly stay.
Great room
Practically stayed in a cell overnight!
Such a surprise to find this fantastic hotel!
We liked the range of newspapers available each morning.
Great location, extremely well appointed.
Very helpful staff - helped us to plan our day tours - arranging the driver and etc
Thin walls.
So nice with the Kids, wonderful pancakes and she is taking care of everything very well!
There is no restaurant at the hotel, you have to go out to eat.
Good air con system, bathroom very nice and excellent tv size with freeview.
The staff were friendly and helpful.
It also has its own cafe.
Very clean room and pleasant staff
However, the staff were very helpful & I expect it's been fixed by now.
It's just that with the really cold weather, the fact that there's no place to get a cappuccino or a decent pastry was disappointing.
On the other hand, ample towels were provided and we appreciated that.
Our very late arrival at 2am, still received a welcome and settled quickly into our room, and a good night's sleep.
The location in the center of Marrakech.
Very friendly and polite staff
I really love the Hostel, you can see the Kremlin just outside.
The hotel should promote this more about how good they are !
Nothing
Check out time was earlier than stated in booking email.
The location - a short walk to nice cafes, shopping.
Some rooms has been recently renovated, so everything new, clean and modern!!!
Nothing was too much trouble!
The delux superior rooms are are neither delux or superior.
Location
The staff was really nice and welcoming.
Ever ready to service with a smile.
I will be sure to book one of these rooms next time.
Location was perfect.
Will miss you guys so much <3
It looked like I had to be serving her and not the opposite.
Friendly Staff, good breakfast.
Had a problem contacting the host to get instruction after checking in.
Value for money was amazing too as I didn't expect the lovely continental breakfast to be included in the room price.
Expensive @ $265 night for spa room.
The restaurant is bad, breakfast is bad.
When we requested the reception staff for rooms closer to the restaurant as it was difficult to climb stairs, they refused & said that they have pre-reserved rooms for us and changing is not possible.
Almost everything.
Duck was a little tough and slightly dry).
The apartment was pricy in comparison to the standard of living
Bed was really big and comfortable.
The hostal/hotel was excellent, staff very friendly and helpful.
Noisy heater/air conditioning unit
Imagine university accommodation but as a hostel.
The room was ok but did not afford any privacy was no net curtains.
But we knew about this in advance and it wouldn’t stop us from visiting again!
Needs upgrading done within hotel and rooms pool needs cleaning wish it was pet friendly
Everything was great, I would definently come back
Very very annoying!
My name for credit card payment:
Floor was extremely dusty despite mopping it
We had such an amazing stay at Am Paradies, it was even better than the pictures on Booking described.
View
We expected more for our £148.50 per night!
You have to count with potencial disadvantages of shared room.
#4: The beaches are fantastic just a stone throw away
All is fine!
Limited TV channel choice is room
Facilities can be increased, gym was not there.
Had to put a towel down to step on.
Noise from other residents returning very late.
Since our booking was more than 72 hours away, we asked to cancel and get a refund.
Location, style, garden breakfest
They are only suitable for children and small adults.
Just by the sea, if you are fortune you can see the sunset & sunrise.
Stayed an extra night so it must have been good.
Could do with updating, but was affordable and clean
Bedroom size compact, especially with two suitcases.
The mattress was really comfortable.
Customer relation
Our hairdryer had gone missing and the room ventilation system was malfunctioning the night we were there this time.
No hot water in the 3 nights I stayed there, Internet did not work at all until the morning of the last day I was there, my bed was saggy.
Breakfast very limited - I hope you like eggs because it was eggs and toast only.
Everything was perfect, the staff girl was very warm and helpful.
Cozy and relax environment
Nothing.
Comfortable bed
Great base to stay and get to Whitby, Statithes, Robin Hoods Bay, Bridlington, Danes Dyke, Filey or Flamborough Head in under an hour.
I wish I had a dryer at the apt.
Hotel beds are usually over hard, but this one was perfect for us, just correct amount of support.
When we returned to the hotel after an evening in town we found the receptionist (the only member of staff on duty) passed out drunk in reception, empty beer bottles, etc.
Great Laundry facility.
In the smoking area there could be mosquito repellant I get bitten lots out there
But it is their real simple bad wi's life so we enjoyed it so much.
The location was great and also the room facilities were excellent!
Breakfast was a little rushed all though they were busy.
Very clean, very nice atmosphere inside, nice design
Decent breakfast on-site with cooked ham, hard-boiled eggs, yoghourts, cheeses and breads.
- Have to request iron & iron board at reception and wait for availity only
